---
title: 'I Dream In Fruit Commentary'
date: '2016-11-4 09:10:00'
layout: post
fullview: false 
excerpt: An analysis of the NYTimes Videos
comments: true 
---
Video 1: Modar shows us his refrigerator rations and local market. The local market is poorly stocked and largely empty. He also videotapes his ramen noodles cooking on the stove. 

Video 2: They bake foods out of heavy grains, along with lentils, and Ms. Abdulwahab notes that the food is not good for them and she frequently vomits it out. 

Video 3: Farida shows her meal of macaroni, garlic, and yogurt. She notes that it's difficult to make substantial meals because of the shortages of meat and vegetables. 

Video 4: Fatemah notes that they eat to survive and are totally dependent on rations they gathered before the start of the siege. To cook their meals, they burn wood and other materials. She buys six pieces of bread every 2 days. 

Video 5: He shows restaurants and shops full and plentiful with food. He notes that food prices have risen sharply in government-held Damascus. 

Video 6: She shows herself making meals of rice with vegetables and salad. She tells the viewers that the cost of eggs has octupled, rendering it unaffordable. She notes, however, that her family is luckier than most. 


The videos themselves are more effective than the descriptions. In the videos, readers are exposed to familiar scenes (i.e. cooking, markets, food, etc.,) and emotions that are not brought out in the descriptions. Readers are able to relate more to the videos than the descriptions. The videos force readers to realize that there are real people and families behind these news articles and headlines happening half a world away, and that these people are not too different from us. 